[docs-only] Update the new service checklist (#10674)
owncloud/ocis: docs/services/general-info/new-service-checklist.md

    bad `<img src="https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/blob/master/services/graph/images/mermaid-graph.svg" width="500" />`
    good `<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/owncloud/ocis/master/services/graph/images/mermaid-graph.svg" width="500" />`
- [ ] If new CLI commands are introduced, those commands must be described in the README.md.
  - Commands are added to `ocis/pkg/command`
- [ ] If new global envvars are introduced, the name must start with `OCIS_`.
- [ ] Add the service to the makefile in the ocis repo root.

> - [ ] Service startup:
>   - For automatic startup: `ocis/pkg/runtime` (service/service.go)
>   - Exclude from automatic startup, add it to the `populate optional services` block

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Service startup:
  - add it to `ocis/pkg/command/servicves.go`
  - Include for automatic startup:
    - add it to `ocis/pkg/command/servicves.go`
  - Exclude from automatic startup:
    - add it to the `populate optional services` block
```
